---
layout: post
title: Incentives 2026
permalink: /incentives2026
---

All authors will have to register as Reviewers or meta-reviewers (Area Chairs-ACs) on ARR (if you are already serving as Senior Area Chair (SAC), this is not necessary). Assignments will be made subsequently based on qualifications. The deadline for completing the registration form is January 7th 2026 EoD AoE. 

If they get assignments, AC checklists must be completed by Jan 16th. 

Reviewer checklists must be completed by Jan 21st. The deadline for reviews is February 7th, and for meta-reviews  March 3rd. In the event of any emergencies, the chairs should be notified via the emergency declaration form. 

From this cycle, we intend to strictly monitor adherence to reviewing responsibilities. 

* Papers whose authors have not registered as reviewers or ACs or have not completed their checklists as Reviewers or ACs by the designated deadline will be automatically desk-rejected.

* Reviewers/ACs who remain unresponsive and do not submit their reviews or meta-reviews on time will be prevented from accessing reviews and/or meta-reviews for their own papers.

* Highly irresponsible reviewers may become ineligible from committing their paper(s) to ACL 2026 and (re-)submit or commit to the next cycle. The submitting authors should (a) make sure that all other authors are aware of this policy, and (b) check that everybody on their team(s) submits their checklists and their (meta-)reviews on time and in accordance with the guidelines.
